[Getting Started Docs][A/B test] Create Snippets from install docs (#6397)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/_snippets/install-node.mdx

Run either `npm` or `yarn` in terminal to add it to your project:

```bash
npm install posthog-node --save
# or
yarn add posthog-node
```

> In your app, set your API key **before** making any calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app, set your project API key **before** making any calls.
```

```node
import { PostHog } from 'posthog-node'

const client = new PostHog(
    '<ph_project_api_key>',

>     { host: '<ph_instance_address>' } // You can omit this line if using PostHog Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { host: '<ph_instance_address>' } // TIP: You can omit this line if using PostHog Cloud
```
What about EU Cloud?

)

> // On program exit, call shutdown to stop pending pollers and flush any remaining events
> await client.shutdownAsync()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await client.shutdownAsync() // TIP: On program exit, call shutdown to stop pending pollers and flush any remaining events
```

```

> You can find your key in the 'Project Settings' page in PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find your project API key and instance address in the [project settings](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings) page in PostHog.
```

> > **Note:** As a rule of thumb, we do not recommend hardcoding API keys. Setting it as an environment variable would be best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** As a rule of thumb, we do not recommend hardcoding API keys. Setting it as an environment variable is preferred.
```
